it's probably pretty obvious that I'm
new to weightlifting but I'm not new to
training leg D no wait first find a
squat variation that you can do at least
five reps of but not more than 20 reps
of so if you could do like 40 of these
it's time to move on to something like
this so that's your first exercise take
it till failure
that's what failure looks like obviously
do it on both sides if you did a single
leg variation now we're going to work on
your hamstrings all you're going to do
is lay down on the ground if you're
strong enough lift one leg in the air
push your hips into the air and feel
your hamstring flex and then lower it
back down when you do it right you're
gonna feel those hamstrings Flex again
you're gonna take it till failure you're
strengthening that hamstring in a
shortened position if you're a beginner
that is plenty to get started if you're
more advanced you're going to want to do
two more sets stay flexy